It and so that's roughly the way you do it this is doable.
Hopefully you have better handwriting than I do.
So people can read it later.
One thing I do like to do that is label what's my scene arcs and I really draw.
So if you say your browser is browsers by then after this point it's literally kind of up to you.
You know I was doing a landing page then maybe I could just do as I would probably go look at some other
landing pages see what I liked about them.
See roughly kind of the format that I want to remember you're just looking for content layout.
So really like maybe what I put here is another why I got worry of personality doesn't really matter.
Is just a sketch that I play something like you know testimonials.
And then roughly you know again I'm just trying to think of the format here.
So maybe it's like a face in a bubble.
Now we have a call out box and bow and call off.
And then Maidie the boxes.
Seymour nightstands put a person's face right here Rotem label the stuff and then you know scribbles
girls from all.
Now keep in mind if you get to a war scroll on landing page obviously you don't draw this in the same
exact format for your text and it's all the way down.
But that's really the basics of it.
Anything you want put it on the page don't worry about whether it follows some design convention.
If you can't figure out how to look to lay out the order you just look at our website.
So if I wanted to use this I honestly could just look at any old software company I could even look
at the template something for us and see how they do it.
So it's this long 20 page so popular right now.
OK so now do another example.
So it works.
I'm going to show you maybe you would like a web application page would work like this is always different
because it's not on every single Kostner it comes to the page and I'm looking to buy at this point.
So we might want to make it plainly different so it will start up the browser again all able at the
top web app.
I'll call this an interior page
and then we can just use browser.
It's not perfect but it's also a service that
we're learning about.
So with a web application page with application pages like say you are inside Google Analytics say your
side your SVM rough draft homos whatever weirds gains point a lot of rich information a lot of facts
and data etc. you're focused more navigation on what's all be pretty.
So it's really up to you the way that you see your page being laid out.
Now what I typically would like to do in this kind of case is to pull up my scope list out all the functions
and then kind of ticket Gaslamp pages.
I think there are.
Now remember this is the sketch phase it literally matter how close you are.
What I put is you know I would say like we have a main page and I think we have a page for part you
know say analytics analytics set up howl
payment preferences and so on.
Now it just depends what you think doesn't matter.
So you just come up with whatever you need on this and that scenario and then I kind of like to check
them off as I go because I need to make sure that I have leaks to every single page that I'm anticipating.
So here what I would just us you know meteorologist's out the logo up here.
Never have too much branding.
So maybe we have like the top navigation bar before things so we could say like you know what it looks
like had a seizure.
They call it these leaks and then say you have secondary changes like media analytics lithography analytics
and all this.
So we have analytics page maybe with this box right here you're looking in analytics and related graphs
and whatnot you don't really need to even label out what the graphs are at this point.
You know that blacks are going to be here.
Now we get to the skeleton now.
You are going to take this in or no ok.
This is roughly the analytics page graphs in this area.
Other different ways of modifying your work here.
And then then you make a decision as to what the actual details are.
But I would put get it here to Barga the Margraf Shereef
and then you know I might put some drop down boxes here
triangle.
You couldn't notice are they felt there.
It didn't really matter.
Just keep ruffling in your head when you think you are displaying it here.
Maybe they want to change it based on different information over here.
Make a one and a box it's called Box may be like this snapshot snapshot.
That gives them
you know you give them a bunch of numbers and based on what they're doing over here because maybe that's
helpful media are modifying things that give them some more information and maybe over here we have
more filters.
So the idea on radio buttons combo box and here we have some checkboxes and whatever it doesn't really
matter.
Yes.
Again we're dealing with a way out.
It's just a decision then you have to make whether or not you think this is clutter.
How does the information that you're trying to display you know uses something that you thought you
we're cool things you think you could put it in here that would be helpful if you were looking at a
screen that is playing with information how would you like to work on it.
Well here it's always nice to put filters social when you go on a web page.
I do that and you know if you look at like eBay for instance they'll have say a page and then you'll
have individual listings of items.
Over here you have a filter box and you just go all the way down to a hundred other things you can filter
by that's perfectly normal see it like that.
And then on the left side of you have more filters so don't really worry about that.
If you get the hang of it put it in and it just doesn't look right.
Get rid of it scratch it do any new page you know and then maybe it'll be like some pie charts
and then text right here or it etc etc. etc..
So there you go that's how you did the sketch phase.
That's how I would draw web application.
Again the thing is you might be doing the thinking like oh I know what I'm doing.
The point is to get something on the page once you have something on the page.
This is so much easier to understand what does it look right what looks right and then you can start
moving it around.
See I just threw this together.
Now firstling a web application and I would say I don't want that idea.
Do you want this municipally digger I mean over here much easier to move pieces around 130 out of paper
versus using a blank canvas to create whatever we want.
OK so then I want to show you really quickly roughly how I would sketch out the mobile application happy
hour app that we've been talking about.
All right so we're at the top ones that are available.
I'm just to take this and move it over and over and start working with it.
So I get the iPhone 6 Plus.
Remember this is the most efficient solution.
Typically I don't like suggesting starting with the iPhone 6 because it's so normally large especially
when we're talking of the plus but in this case I think it's perfectly fine.
What I do know roughly is again I call Prisco Gothamist see what we have but for the most part of that
building this idea in my head for the last 20 minutes I know I think it should look like.
Now remember I wrote the scope document I said things like on the first screen I wanted to be a landing
page the headline in the logo and I wanted to pick between today or tomorrow.
So that's actually quite easy.
You have this entire thing made for me so now it's just a question of putting my welcome text.
So I would just say well chrome text and then maybe subtitle text and right here are going to do what's
called a call to action.
Call actually just me take his thumb do something that gets the user to do something say something back
and then all of a T-bonds.
So today tomorrow
that rather than hear me go put the logo in a circle call it logo.
Never tried to sketch out the logo here it's not really worth your time.
I get rewarded for just putting rough things in structure.
If you read this you have no idea what it is but to me it makes sense and it's a very good starting
point to move on to the next section and get more defined and get more accurate with it.
So let's just say draw a line from here if they can that they could today and let's say brings you to
a page that shows you know your location make it grid
now label these three on three two separate cetera so they know roughly what that looks like and try
to make this look like anything you'd recognize.
I'll just throw of hand somewhere.
So like this might be the location and then I'd say your location and then maybe we'll just put a happy
hour on location here over here over here.
So bar one or two or three are hard to read right after about handwriting.
Hopefully you do it to spend more time on your hand writing.
But you don't go through this.
And then an extreme let's say old dryer from here and you've got to do it today so light upon clack
saying to yourself hey I'm like look this here.
And then they go this whole business page.
So you have that cover photo that we talked about just engage our name our hours
prices.
And then you can always just call these images.
I am sure you know the x x x x x x dollar signs.
So now again this is a sketch face so I know that for instance we forgot to put it in the contact information.
I know that we forgot to put in whether or not the hours are for today or tomorrow.
And you know I just had to.
I was like to look at these for a while and think about and see if I can remember if I did something
wrong.
So I put it today just as a reminder but it doesn't really matter when you get to the scale invasion
really isn't going to make it a lot easier.
And once you have this it's going to work really well as a rough guideline for how you should go for
it.
So that is roughly what our iPhone Happy Hour looks like to label.
Hopefully I can read that if you don't then the question is going to require patient.
There's just a post in a group discussion or me a private message I can go over this again I Squirtle
this really quickly to show you this should not take a ton of time just to get the juices flowing to
get you to a point where you feel comfortable putting things on paper and eventually transfer this to
your computer and then start building something that's a little bit more substantial if you skip this
step.
I found that it gets considerably harder because then you're starting from scratch with a tool that's
more complicated especially if you don't have experience putting down layouts.
Now again if you ever hit a point where you're confused you don't know what to do.
Pull open your phone if you're making a mobile app and just browsing apps try to find ones there somewhere
you can find ones that are somewhere BRAF anything.
It'll give you ideas eventually for how you might want to lay this out how you might want to make this
work how an icon might look something like that.
It's easy to find inspiration if you just look at other apps.
Typically I like to look at apps that are popular because those usually have better design.
So hard to say if you go to your wife or look for the top grossing or the top Salang look at the way
that they actually do and follow their lead.
Other than that if you're on a Web site making a web version and go on to your laptop and just start
bringing up page see how they do it all right.
Again if you have any questions post in the group discussion.
Otherwise we're going to move on to putting this onto a computer screen and putting together our low
fidelity wireframe.
All right see the next lecture.